[6_4_1_hotfix] 6 4 1 hotfix (#87)
draios/onprem-install-docs: 6.X/6.4.1/04-advanced_configuration.md

- `.pvStorageSize.<small|medium|large>.<datastoreservice>`: customize the size of Volumes (check in the [configuration parameters list](/docs/02-configuration_parameters.md))

### Example

```yaml
storageClassProvisioner: hostPath
elasticsearch:
  hostPathNodes:
    - my-cool-host1.com
    - my-cool-host2.com
    - my-cool-host3.com
    - my-cool-host4.com
    - my-cool-host5.com
    - my-cool-host6.com
sysdig:
  cassandra:
    hostPathNodes:
      - my-cool-host1.com
      - my-cool-host2.com
      - my-cool-host3.com
      - my-cool-host4.com
      - my-cool-host5.com
      - my-cool-host6.com
  postgresql:
    hostPathNodes:
      - my-cool-host1.com
  kafka:
    hostPathNodes:
      - i-0082bddac2e013639
      - i-05eb2d9719cc2dafa
      - i-082b0341a1bb2f2be
  zookeeper:
    hostPathNodes:
      - i-0082bddac2e013639
      - i-05eb2d9719cc2dafa
      - i-082b0341a1bb2f2be
pvStorageSize:
  medium:
    cassandra: 600Gi
    elasticsearch: 275Gi
    postgresql: 120Gi
hostPathCustomPaths:
  cassandra: /sysdig/cassandra
  elasticsearch: /sysdig/elasticsearch
  mysql: /sysdig/mysql
  postgresql: /sysdig/postgresql    
```

## Installer on EKS

### Creating a cluster

> Please do not use eksctl 0.10.0 and 0.10.1 as those are known to be buggy see: kubernetes/kubernetes#73906 (comment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please do not use eksctl 0.10.0 and 0.10.1 as those are known to be defective, as given in kubernetes/kubernetes#73906 (comment)
```

```bash
eksctl create cluster \
   --name=eks-installer1 \
   --node-type=m5.4xlarge \
   --nodes=3 \
   --version 1.14 \
   --region=us-east-1 \
   --vpc-public-subnets=<subnet1,subnet2>
```

### Additional installer configurations

EKS uses aws-iam-authenticator to authorize kubectl commands.
aws-iam-authenticator needs aws credentials mounted from **~/.aws** to the installer.

```bash
docker run  \
  -v ~/.aws:/.aws \
  -e HOST_USER=$(id -u) \
  -e KUBECONFIG=/.kube/config \
  -v ~/.kube:/.kube:Z \
  -v $(pwd):/manifests:Z \
  quay.io/sysdig/installer:<InstallerVersion>
```

### Running airgapped EKS

```bash
EKS=true bash sysdig_installer.tar.gz
```

The above ensures the `~/.aws` directory is correctly mounted for the airgap
installer container.

### Exposing the Sysdig endpoint

> Get the external ip/endpoint for the ingress service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the external IP/endpoint for the ingress service.
```

```bash
kubectl -n <namespace>  get service haproxy-ingress-service
```

> In route53 create an A record with the dns name pointing to external ip/endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In route53 create an A record with the DNS name pointing to the external IP/endpoint.
```

### Gotchas

> Make sure that subnets have internet gateway configured and has enough ips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that subnets have an internet gateway configured and have a sufficient number of IP addresses.
```

## Airgapped installations

### Updating the feeds database in airgapped environments

> This is a procedure that can be used to automatically update the feeds database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to automatically update the feeds database:
```

1. download the image file quay.io/sysdig/vuln-feed-database-12:latest from Sysdig registry to the jumpbox server and save it locally

> 2. move the file from the jumpbox server to the customer airgapped environment (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Move the file from the jumpbox server to the customer airgapped environment (optional)
```

> 3. load the image file and push it to the customer's airgapped image registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. load the image file and push it to the customer's airgapped image registry.
```

> 4. restart the pod sysdigcloud-feeds-db

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restart the `sysdigcloud-feeds-db` pod.
```

> 5. restart the pod feeds-api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Restart the `feeds-api` pod.
```
